and I look to Cambridge this morning
we've just set off and the car is you
can't even Sikhs it's dark because
that's how early it is but the car is
packed full I'm like squished in a
corner and you're I'm feeling really
tired haven't really packed like oh well
I bought everything really but I wanted
to feel at home when I get there so
don't think it's too bad yeah my parents
are in the front I'll show you
right we've lent the kitchen sink
yeah we've left the kitchen sink we've
got we've got you can't even I'll stroke
when it gets lighter I'll show you all
the stuff packed but we are off to
Cambridge
[Music]
[Applause]
okay the Sun has now risen and I feel
more alive although I haven't had
breakfast yet I'm gonna have a bell
beater bar in a moment but you can now
see what I am dealing with oh there we
go
that it's all gonna fall out and it's
actually my makeup yeah what's our
estimated time of arrival 8:50 - we're
gonna get there
still a little way to go is 725 now
yeah it's not been the most comfortable
journey but it's probably my fault phone
packing but citizenry no I need sighs
the one for everything in unclear why
don't how cold it's gonna be to do
babies if it's you know
cold or warm you could have different
talk duvets
I'm feeling a little bit nervous now I
was I was excited up until last night
and I was like oh my god I'm going to
uni tomorrow oh dear I'm really nervous
and now now I'm feeling a bit better I'm
not feeling as nervous as I was last
night I don't the excitement has like
kind of about particular again but we
will see when I get oh yeah when we get
there the plan of a plan of action okay
so the first thing we're doing is going
to get my bike which we have put on hold
was like prepaid for it Morton on a
higher shopping Cambridge's alt higher
bike so it's just been serviced and
they're throwing a little kid and stuff
like that
and a basket I think I can put like my
lecture notes in I'm not the most
confidence like that I will admit that
I'm planning on cycling to their chairs
because I don't like getting up early
this morning was a struggle for me so I
need to go to cycles I get to lectures
quickly when I am running late somehow
I'll get confident most likely in
Cambridge I feel like it's quite scary
for Sony cyclists going around quickly
on cycle paths but we'll see my arm is
really a huge race against this big bag
what can you do
it's just cause it's gonna fool all over
me but my arm down
great just great and yet from I think
it's nine-thirty
onwards I can like go inside my tenancy
agreement and go to my room as a few
activities like a whole worm
freshers week plan so that's a few
it's impossible to go to today my
parents are going to team at the master
master ian white apparently and his wife
how very nice of them to invite my
parents
yeah then
who's just gonna be lots of unpacking oh
other side of the road
okay I'm gonna turn the camera
yeah traffic has not been too bad to be
honest but I'm not surprised because who
else would want to be up this early in
the morning not me so I'm gonna have my
breakfast now but I will get back to you
when we get to Cambridge
[Applause]
[Music]
my mum wants a latte my parents are poor
they always want a coffee
things to be done
the student union Jesus College waiting
to welcome me
we're a bit early but the traffic was
good but there wasn't much tool so yeah
it's hey yeah it's probably taken two
hours which is really not behind at all
no we sorted out in the end the issue of
the falling bin liner
we've propped it up I can't see out the
back of the car who knows if that safe
but we've got here in one piece
touch wood okay very very we are
currently searching for the entrance we
are early so hopefully they might send
us away
my mom has never seen where I'm going
for my dad came with me to my interview
so he's got a bit of an idea yeah no you
my dad made me like bus the you know
this had buzz of things at gates to call
in and ask them to open the gate my dad
made me press that when I went for my
interviews trying in they were like no
no you gotta go around the corner is
this I think this is Victoria we're on
the road or on the road oh and I'm
pretty sure we have got here my room is
here at least my card we've had a
disaster and basically didn't have my
university card I am in my room and I
hope so
so they left my picture I don't know why
but they didn't give me a think making
university card for me so we're checking
if I'm on the grid double-sided they're
going on the gritty faces which is this
thing so that you know like other
freshers names so yeah people don't have
a card maybe someone stole them my card
people aren't you
I quite like it bad got a little
noticeboard up how's the bed okay the
bed is okay it's actually freezing that
I'm not no joke the temperature has
dropped we got out the car and we've all
been shivering jumps in there that's
your wardrobe public space is around
here Oh full-length mirror
nice good great I'm useful
not the greatest massive this maybe not
supposed to do us like I'm the first one
here at moments I can't see us outside
quite nice
let's come in the bathroom have a look
put that in the cupboard shown over
there she know what this isn't a
disaster and it is nice to have your own
bathroom that's the cow people are
gradually starting to arrive early I'm
gonna go get some stuff from the car and
stop yeah everyone has been very
welcoming
so we've come to collect my bike we've
just speed walked across town okay so we
are waiting outside the bike shop I
think we're getting served in the moment
and I've gotten matriculation ceremony
and about three-quarters of an hour so
because we're the other side of town
we've got to really speed walk back but
hopefully we will make it on time I'm
getting an old higher bike because it's
cheaper and I don't need a fancy buy so
that'll be good
okay so we now have a bike show you
there that's moving it on it's orange
but that means I'm gonna know it's mine
and yeah I mean now we've got to hotfoot
it back to Jesus for my particular she's
everybody exciting time so know what
that's going to entail
maybe oh saying I'm thinking oaths maybe
who knows but no my mom has been left
behind in the room I'm packing myself
she's like Team B with team a she's
going so though though so sorry about
that
and yeah we had to wait a while because
they had to fit the basket to the bikes
handle this morning but
luckily it didn't take too long
you
okay say the time is about quarter past
two I'm going to bed now bunny are you
from Thursday I went to the vs. bomb and
then back with some drinks in another
cool with some other freshers in the
evening which was really nice to meet
new people
everyone's been really lovely I'm really
sorry I happen family I'm sorry I
basically just meeting with new people I
just literally just forgot to film
anything sorry sorry Bella
I haven't matriculated oh my member of
Jesus College now I've made some new
friends
yeah it's been a really good that's hey
bring on Tori and I promise I was right
and I will just give you a quick room
tour I'm keep talking quietly good
people asleep by now or just coming back
well they might still be out but you
know being respectful of the other
residents of the halls I will um give
you a quick room tour
okay so here is my bed you know I just
use for a lot of times it's quite useful
I need to sleep at morning my fairy
lights up here decorative stone I've got
my notice board these are some cards for
my friends they're very cute why
freshers timetable the amount of shelf
space can we just take moment to
appreciate how much shelf space suckle
like it's ridiculous
man come on Trey you didn't ask
I filled the drawers with my clothes
more shelf space like seriously I just
love this room kitchen stuff I've moved
a little bit into my kitchen downstairs
which I'll show you at some point yeah
it's my doing with my daughter
[Music]
and here's actually a spacious with a
wintry business I'll just show you my
bathroom for me my dressing gown honey
my shadow which I should be personal
the usual stuff good morning everybody
it is another lovely day in Cambridge
just see down there why once just around
the corner it's orange it's right good
morning I am also being myself the day
it's brunch this morning the famous
Jesus brunch which I am excited to try
although I'm not actually that hungry a
minute but you'll see maybe bad leaven
o'clock I will be like just past paint
so waking up early I think it's just cuz
I'm paranoid I like making ready on time
how can you play bunt
yeah I'm sure I'll be lying in soon
enough I mean it's kind of annoying but
when I had more time this morning I
could hear other people showers going so
other people look what the same idea as
me
so I am off to freshers formal very
excited why let's provide it tonight
so guys excellent it's an exciting time
so why not so I kind of get into swing
things now
lectures obviously on Saturday morning
with Natural Sciences which is just
great so I'm going to go crazy tonight
but I will update you later
right formal is complete
off to the bop which is like this party
thing you do fresher the themes festival
but I'm just going to like get changed
into jeans and a t-shirt works with
festival is cool and yeah Bob nine
o'clock leches tomorrow morning long oh
wait okay so it's now Sunday I am going
off to attempt at the Sun washing no I
don't do that one time so we shall see
let me take you to the room key
she
[Music]
any color meat something
but no identity Bam's
that's why ages floors
support covers
beautiful
washing machine essential-1 with me kids
I'll get back to you while we're doing
the tumble dryer
the staircase is just up here
and I give you my kitchen my sister and
I spit on my plane there's some
spaghetti hoops in the other day
wouldn't count I don't need to check the
cord no got freezer over here I've been
kind of today here's my cupboard
nice job let's have one last go to hoops
readies really organized as you can see
but stuff in the fridge is a lot but to
be honest I've mostly been eating in the
Jesus cat well they make your food you
have to say that I don't care it saves
me time yeah in other news I have good
news
how many extracurriculars becoming a Cox
and a Boram and Latin dancer and I'm
joining the concert band and then they
gave you two videos but we'll keep up
with a degree mean we've got a degree to
do as well no biggie
back to the room but the window a bit
stuffy today it's not a big mess to be
honest it could be a bit more organized
but whatever color it's good washing
stuff back up there
so I have been doing this morning
excellent because we are doing a degree
you know but no it was quite depressing
cuz I found a question that was supposed
to be like Alif already hard that's
great we really made me feel good about
myself
but ya been snacking on some biscuits I
was up to like a half three last night
playing this really loud game but it
meant I had to have massive line this
morning
and yes I have missed out a lot of today
it's already 20 plus two but I feel like
it is more like 10 o'clock in the
morning but oh well we're doing fine and
yeah I will get back at you and
something else interesting happens okay
I've had a disaster I've just realized I
put one of my washing machine into a
woman's or after the importance unlike a
different temperature oh my god I'm
telling my mum what does a wooden wash
do does it like shrink them it's nice
oh my god I'm so stupid I've got 15
minutes to go I don't know whether to
stop it at all how different is a woman
wash
why me it's because it's like this thing
I'd like to twist it in like the wrong
way I looked at the wrong side
it looks like a in there
Odia image okay so enough ting staff
only
someone took my stuff without the
worship team it must a finish like five
minutes before without him so we have
put everything but
[Music]
so that some wine
my tumble dry I'm just trying to
enlighten towels and sheets are not
gonna air dry there are specs above
those of us
[Music]
cartons would be a good start
see what's the difference between normal
that normal
[Music]
this hot santi unions
okay so I am going to hang wine washing
up to dry interesting watching for you
all I know
so you'll see what I've had before this
kind of clotheshorse thing in my
previous video but
[Music]
so looks like I'm not what's fun where
I've lost to either of them yeah wait
down in the laundry room while laundry
is going all people will take it out the
washing machine even if you get down
there
while the washing machine supposedly
said it was going to be finishing all
the washing machines at finishing early
[Music]
[Applause]
so I'm off to bed it's about 10 good
lectures tomorrow so get a good steep
valley on cycling do that just the best
time tomorrow
Rory Valvano make sure I put my replant
I'm ready for it
hit me cambridge i can do this so yeah